docs: Add minimal README file for DevWorkspace Handler (#1257)
eclipse-che/che-theia: tools/devworkspace-handler/README.md

#### What is DevWorkspace Handler?

> The library that analyzes `.che-theia/che-theia-plugins.yaml` + `.vscode/extensions.json` files and adds the corresponding annotations/components to the DevWorkspace templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library is used by Dashboard component to analyze `.che-theia/che-theia-plugins.yaml` and `.vscode/extensions.json` files and then enhance the DevWorkspace components and DevWorkspace templates.
```

#### How to use the library

> `$ node lib/entrypoint.js --sidecar-policy:"useDevContainer" --devfile-url:https://github.com/benoitf/spring-petclinic/tree/5da9e7f80b66b1fc456faa038c40c848dbd4d50e --output-file:/tmp/all-in-one.yaml`
> 
> `$ kubectl apply -f /tmp/all-in-one.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library is mainly used by dashboard component but there is a way to try it as a standalone library

Example:
`$ node lib/entrypoint.js --devfile-url:https://github.com/che-samples/java-spring-petclinic/tree/devfilev2 --output-file:/tmp/all-in-one.yaml`

The file `/tmp/all-in-one.yaml` contains a DevWorkspace based on the repository devfile and a Che-Theia DevWorkspaceTemplate

If DevWorkspace engine is available on the cluster, the following command will create a DevWorkspace:

`$ kubectl apply -f /tmp/all-in-one.yaml`
```
